# UD1: Identification of elements of a computer program

## Activity 01: Hello World!
Write a script in Python that displays a message on the screen that says "Hello World!"

## Activity 02: Greeting to a person
Write a script in Python that asks for a name and greets you with "Hello <response>!" on a single line.

## Activity 03: Comments
Create activity 02 introducing two comments. The first one being a single-line comment and the second one being a multi-line comment.

## Activity 04: Variables 1
Ask for a person's name on the screen and store it in a variable. Then the program will greet and bid farewell to that person.

## Activity 05: Variables 2
Declare a variable, print it, change its value, and print it again.

## Activity 06: Variables 3
Ask for two pieces of data, store them in two different variables. Swap the values (perform a swap) and print the values of the variables.

## Activity 07: Variables 4
Create a variable that is a list of 5 names. Create a script that greets each of the people.

## Activity 08: Mathematical operations
Request three numbers, store them in different variables, and perform addition, multiplication, subtraction, and division on them in any order you want.

## Activity 09: Power
Request 2 numbers and perform the power operation. The first number will be the base and the second one the exponent.

## Activity 10: Remainder of a division
Request two numbers and return the remainder of their division.

## Activity 11: Days converter
Request a number of days and perform the calculation of hours, minutes, and seconds.

## Activity 12: Euro-dollar converter
Create a converter from euros to dollars (1€ = 1.07$).

## Activity 13: Function definition 1
Define a function that, when called, writes a sentence on the screen.

## Activity 14: Function definition 2
Define a function that receives a name as a parameter and concatenates 2 sentences and then prints them on the screen.

## Activity 15: Function definition 3
Define a function that receives a number as a parameter and returns its double on the screen.