# UD2: Control Structures

## Activity 16: Conditional IF 1
Create a script in Python that asks for a number and tells you if it is greater than the value 10.

## Activity 17: Conditional IF 2
Create a script in Python that asks for a name and greets you if the user has written your name.

## Activity 18: Conditional IF 3
Create a script in Python that asks for a number and tells you if it is an even number.

## Activity 19: Conditional IF 4
Create a script in Python that asks for a number and checks if it is between -10 and 10. If it is between those two values, send the message "OK".

## Activity 20: Conditional IF 5
Create a script in Python that asks for a number and checks if that value multiplied by two is between 10 and -10. If it is one of those values or is between those two values, send the message "OK".

## Activity 21: Conditional IF 6
Create a script in Python that asks for a number and checks if that value is an even number and if multiplied by two is between 10 and -10. If all conditions are met, send the message "OK".

## Activity 22: Conditional IF-ELSE 1
Create a script in Python that asks for a number and tells you if it is an even or odd number.

## Activity 23: Conditional IF-ELSE 2
Create a script that asks for two values. If both values are the same, send the message "they are identical". Otherwise, send "they are different".

## Activity 24: Conditional IF-ELSE 3
Create a list of two values. Enter the username in the first one and the password in the second one.
Then ask for two values from the user. If the first value entered is the username and the second one is the password from the list, send the message "Login correct". Otherwise, send "Login incorrect".

## Activity 25: Conditional IF-ELSE 4
Create a script that asks for 3 different numbers and using conditional statements returns the largest of the three.

## Activity 26: WHILE Loop 1
Create a loop in Python that prints the numbers from 1 to 10.

## Activity 27: WHILE Loop 2
Create a loop in Python that asks for people's names and greets them until you enter yours, then it will say goodbye.

## Activity 28: WHILE Loop 3
The computer generates a random number between 1 and 100. The user must guess the number within a maximum of 10 attempts.

## Activity 29: WHILE Loop 4
Write a program that prints the even numbers from 1 to 20.

## Activity 30: WHILE Loop 5
Write a program that prints the numbers divisible by 3 from 1 to 100.

## Activity 31: WHILE Loop 6
Write a program that asks the user for a number and prints the prime numbers less than that number.

## Activity 32: FOR Loop 1
Create a loop in Python that prints the numbers from 1 to 100.

## Activity 33: FOR Loop 2
Print the even numbers from 1 to 100.

## Activity 34: FOR Loop 3
Create a loop in Python that prints the multiplication table from 1 to 10.

## Activity 35: FOR Loop 4
Ask the user for a number and calculate its factorial.

## Activity 36: FOR Loop 5
Ask the user for 10 numbers, put them in a list, and calculate the sum of all of them.

## Activity 37: FOR Loop 6
Create an algorithm capable of drawing a square made with asterisks in the console. Initially, the user should enter the height of the square (number of rows) and then a square of that height should be printed on the screen. The minimum height of the square should be 2.

## Activity 38: FOR Loop 7
Create an algorithm capable of drawing a triangle made with asterisks in the console. Initially, the user should enter the height of the triangle (number of rows) and then a triangle of that height should be printed on the screen. The minimum height of the triangle should be 3.

## Activity 39: WHILE Loop 7
Create an algorithm capable of drawing a diamond made with asterisks in the console. Initially, the user should enter the height of the diamond (number of rows) and then a diamond of that height should be printed on the screen. The minimum height of the diamond should be 3.

## Activity 40: Loops + IF
Create a function called prime(x) that tells you whether x is a prime number or not.
A number is prime if it has only 2 divisors; 1 and itself.

## Activity 41: Match.
Create a script that initially asks you for a number from the console. Then it shows you a menu where the first option checks if the entered value is prime or not and the second option calculates the factorial of the previously entered number. Here the user must select the desired option and the corresponding calculation will be done.

## Activity 42: Match.
Create a script in which we initially write a sentence from the console. Then a menu should appear in which the first option tells you the number of words that sentence has. The second option converts all the text to uppercase. Here the user must select the desired option and the corresponding action will be taken.
Hint, for the activity you may need to investigate `.split()` and `.upper()`.